<!-- Both your title and this description are made public and displayed in the
conference program to help attendees decide whether they are interested in this
presentation. Limit this description to a few concise paragraphs. Please do not
include any personally identifiable information. The initial round of reviews
are anonymous, and this field will visible to reviewers. -->

One of the most important phases of the development cycle is the testing phase. Testing allows a developer to determine if they have implemented what they are working on correctly. One major question though is "Are the tests being utilized written correctly?" Developers can rely on coverage as a metric to determine how much of the system is being executed during the testing phase, but coverage may not always be a good indicator of the fault detection effectiveness of a test suite. This can occur when a test has not been written very well and creates a scenario known as a pseudo-tested method. Simply put, a pseudo-tested method is a method that is being used in a test that will never fail, meaning that the method is being executed, but not tested effectively. It is "pseudo-tested" because the developer thinks that the method is being tested because it appears in a test case, but the test is not accurately detecting if there is an error and is providing a pass every time it is run.

The concept of a pseudo-tested method was only recently defined in 2016. Because it is so new, there are many systems that may have them. Additionally, there really are very few ways to detect them, the most commonly used method being that of detection by hand. The system that can detect pseudo-tested methods automatically only works for Java systems. Therefore Function-Fiasco was created as an automatic pseudo-tested method detection system for Python systems.

Function-Fiasco uses Python and Pytest to automatically detect whether or not a method is being pseudo-tested. It collects the methods of a system and determines the output type of each one. Once it has done that, it uses these return types to randomize the output that the test cases shall receive. Next it runs the test cases that these methods appear in to observe if they still pass. If they pass they are considered pseudo-tested. Lastly, Function-Fiasco outputs a metric that is representative of the fault detection effectiveness of the test suite. It was created because of the loosely-typed nature of the Python programming language. However, its main purpose is to improve implementation. Understanding that building the test suite is part of that implementation could lead to more stable systems with a lower chance of crashes. This process has been made easier with the use of Function-Fiasco.
